typescript/lambda-manage-s3-event-notification/README.md, before:

# Manage S3 Event Notifications Using Lambda
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is a stable example. It should successfully build out of the box**
>
> This examples only on the core CDK library, and does not have any infrastructure prerequisites to build.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example uses Lambda to manage event notifications for an S3 bucket. The solution allows other stacks to define their own event notifications on a shared bucket.

## Build
To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:
```bash
npm install -g aws-cdk
npm install
npm run build
```
This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Deploy
Run ```cdk deploy```. This will deploy / redeploy your Stack to your AWS Account.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template
To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run cdk synth, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.

## The Component Structure
This whole component contains:
* A shared resources stack with an S3 bucket shared by multiple stacks and a Lambda function which manages the S3 bucket event notifications
* A stack to configure S3 event notifications on the shared bucket to an SQS queue
* A stack to configure S3 event notifications on the shared bucket to an SNS topic

Commit message:

docs: update lambda manage s3 event notification readme and stack descriptions (#477)
* Add code for 'Using Lambda to Manage S3 Event Notifications' blog post to CDK samples repo

* Update pathing  for Lambda code because it fails during CI build

* Update pathing again to use InlineCode

* feat: Typescript sample using Lambda to manage S3 event notifications

* feat: Typescript sample using Lambda to manage S3 event notifications (added missing JS excluded due to .gitignore)

* feat: Update naming from ServiceStack to Stack

* fix: Update README and prefix filter

* Add blog post link to README and QSID for CFN tracking

* fix: Update README and stack descriptions

* docs: update readme and description

Co-authored-by: Philip Chen <philiche@amazon.com>
Co-authored-by: Noah Litov <noahlitov@gmail.com>

typescript/lambda-manage-s3-event-notification/README.md, after:

# Manage S3 Event Notifications Using Lambda
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is a stable example. It should successfully build out of the box**
>
> This example uses the core CDK library, and does not have any infrastructure prerequisites to build.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example uses Lambda to manage event notifications for an S3 bucket. The solution allows other stacks to define their own event notifications on a shared bucket.

View the AWS blog post here: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/infrastructure-and-automation/manage-amazon-s3-event-notifications-using-lambda-function/

## Build
To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:
```bash
npm install -g aws-cdk
npm install
npm run build
```
This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Deploy
Run ```cdk deploy```. This will deploy / redeploy your Stack to your AWS Account.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template
To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run cdk synth, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.

## The Component Structure
This whole component contains:
* A shared resources stack with an S3 bucket shared by multiple stacks and a Lambda function which manages the S3 bucket event notifications
* A stack to configure S3 event notifications on the shared bucket to an SQS queue
* A stack to configure S3 event notifications on the shared bucket to an SNS topic
