typescript/lambda-cron/README.md, before:

# Lambda-Cron
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is a stable example. It should successfully build out of the box**
>
> This examples is built on Construct Libraries marked "Stable" and does not have any infrastructure prerequisites to build.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example creates a new lambda function that executes every day at 6pm UTC, as dictated by a cron scheduled event.


## Build

To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:

```bash
npm install -g aws-cdk
npm install
npm run build
```

This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Deploy

Run `cdk deploy`. This will deploy / redeploy your Stack to your AWS Account.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template

To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run `cdk synth`, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.

Commit message:

feat: Add typescript assertions examples to lambda-cron (#501)
* initial test structure for typescript

* add 'Test' section to readme

* fix failing test

* add link to assertions docs

Co-authored-by: Ryan Parker <ryan.parker3@outlook.com>
Co-authored-by: mergify[bot] <37929162+mergify[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

typescript/lambda-cron/README.md, after:

# Lambda-Cron
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is a stable example. It should successfully build out of the box**
>
> This examples is built on Construct Libraries marked "Stable" and does not have any infrastructure prerequisites to build.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example creates a new lambda function that executes every day at 6pm UTC, as dictated by a cron scheduled event.


## Build

To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:

```bash
npm install -g aws-cdk
npm install
npm run build
```

This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Test

To test the app after it is built, you can run `npm test` in this example's root folder. This will utilize the CDK
[assertions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/assertions-readme.html) library and run Jest
on `lambda-cron.test.js`.

## Deploy

Run `cdk deploy`. This will deploy / redeploy your Stack to your AWS Account.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template

To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run `cdk synth`, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.
