python/dynamodb-lambda/README.md, before:

# AWS DynamoDB , Lambda and CloudWatch

## Overview

Creates an AWS DynamoDB and Lambda function with the Python language bindings for CDK. Lambda function
gets triggered from a CloudWatch event every minute.

![alt text](./architecture.png "Resources created with CDK")

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

This project is set up like a standard Python project.  The initialization
process also creates a virtualenv within this project, stored under the .env
directory.  To create the virtualenv it assumes that there is a `python3`
(or `python` for Windows) executable in your path with access to the `venv`
package. If for any reason the automatic creation of the virtualenv fails,
you can create the virtualenv manually.

To manually create a virtualenv on MacOS and Linux:

```
$ python3 -m venv .env
```

After the init process completes and the virtualenv is created, you can use the following
step to activate your virtualenv.

```
$ source .env/bin/activate
```

If you are a Windows platform, you would activate the virtualenv like this:

```
% .env\Scripts\activate.bat
```

Once the virtualenv is activated, you can install the required dependencies.

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
$ cdk synth
```

To add additional dependencies, for example other CDK libraries, just add
them to your `setup.py` file and rerun the `pip install -r requirements.txt`
command.

## Useful commands

 * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
 * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Updating readme for python version dependency (#831)
Co-authored-by: Eric Z. Beard <ericzbeard@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Michael Maeng (AWS) <83842446+mmaeng@users.noreply.github.com>

python/dynamodb-lambda/README.md, after:

# AWS DynamoDB , Lambda and CloudWatch

## Overview

Creates an AWS DynamoDB and Lambda function with the Python language bindings for CDK. Lambda function
gets triggered from a CloudWatch event every minute.

![alt text](./architecture.png "Resources created with CDK")

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

This project is set up like a standard Python project.  The initialization
process also creates a virtualenv within this project, stored under the .env
directory.  To create the virtualenv it assumes that there is a `python3`
(or `python` for Windows) executable in your path with access to the `venv`
package. It requires you to use Pythn 3.6 as Lambda runtime is set to Python 3.6. 
For other python versions, please update runtime for consumer and producer functions under dynamodb_lambda/dynamodb_lambda_stack.py
If for any reason the automatic creation of the virtualenv fails,
you can create the virtualenv manually.

To manually create a virtualenv on MacOS and Linux:

```
$ python3 -m venv .env
```

After the init process completes and the virtualenv is created, you can use the following
step to activate your virtualenv.

```
$ source .env/bin/activate
```

If you are a Windows platform, you would activate the virtualenv like this:

```
% .env\Scripts\activate.bat
```

Once the virtualenv is activated, you can install the required dependencies.

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
$ cdk synth
```

To add additional dependencies, for example other CDK libraries, just add
them to your `setup.py` file and rerun the `pip install -r requirements.txt`
command.

## Useful commands

 * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
 * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

Enjoy!
