typescript/my-widget-service/README.md, before:

# My Widget Service
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is a stable example. It should successfully build out of the box**
>
> This examples does is built only on the CDK core library, and does not have any infrastructure prerequisites to build.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example uses lambda to serve-up widgets.

## Build

To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:

```bash
npm install -g aws-cdk
npm install
npm run build
```

This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Deploy

Run `cdk deploy`. This will deploy / redeploy your Stack to your AWS Account.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template

To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run `cdk synth`, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.

Commit message:

fix: update README.md to include info about cdk bootstrap (#313)
Co-authored-by: Noah Litov <noahlitov@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: mergify[bot] <37929162+mergify[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

typescript/my-widget-service/README.md, after:

# My Widget Service
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is a stable example. It should successfully build out of the box**
>
> This examples does is built only on the CDK core library, and does not have any infrastructure prerequisites to build.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example uses lambda to serve-up widgets.

## Build

To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:

```bash
npm install -g aws-cdk
npm install
npm run build
```

This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Deploy
This stack uses assets, so the toolkit stack must be deployed to the environment. This can be done by running the following command:

```shell script
cdk bootstrap aws://account-id/aws-region
```

To deploy / redeploy the Stack to your AWS Account, run `cdk deploy`.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template

To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run `cdk synth`, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.
