typescript/stepfunctions-job-poller/README.md, before:

# Stepfunctions Job Poller
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is an experimental example. It may not build out of the box**
>
> This examples does is built on Construct Libraries marked "Experimental" and may not be updated for latest breaking changes.
>
> If build is unsuccessful, please create an [issue](https://github.com/aws-samples/aws-cdk-examples/issues/new) so that we may debug the problem 

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example creates a basic Stepfunction workflow that starts a task and then listens at regular intervals for completion, then reports completion and status.


## Build

To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:

```bash
npm install -g aws-cdk
npm install
npm run build
```

This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Deploy

Run `cdk deploy`. This will deploy / redeploy your Stack to your AWS Account.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template

To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run `cdk synth`, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.

Commit message:

feat(Typescript): StepFunctions CRON example (#336)
* Add step functions cron example for typescript

* Update message

* Update deprecated code

* Fix wrong name

* Update stepfunctions-job-poller example with cron job

* fix: reduced wait `300` -> `30` to prevent timeout, clean spacing, added graph and steps to README

* revert rename of `README` -> `REAMDE`

Co-authored-by: Ryan Parker <ryan.parker3@outlook.com>

typescript/stepfunctions-job-poller/README.md, after:

# Step Functions Job Poller

<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is an experimental example. It may not build out of the box**
>
> This examples is built on Construct Libraries marked "Experimental" and may not be updated for latest breaking changes.
>
> If build is unsuccessful, please create an [issue](https://github.com/aws-samples/aws-cdk-examples/issues/new) so that we may debug the problem

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

This example creates a basic Step Function workflow that starts a task and then listens at regular intervals for completion, then reports completion and status.

<kbd>
<img src="./step-function-graph.png" width="500px" margin="auto" />
</kbd>

Tasks:

1. `Start`
2. `Submit Lambda`: Invoke Submit Lambda which sets status
3. `Wait X Seconds`: Wait
4. `Get Job Status`: Invoke Check Status Lambda which validates status
5. `Job Complete?`: Choice: Read `"status"` of payload
   a. If `"status"` is `"SUCCEEDED"` then continue to `#7 Get Final Job Status` task
   b. If `"status"` is `"FAILED"` then continue to `#6 Job Failed` task
   c. else return to task `#3 Wait X Seconds`
6. `Job Failed`: Define a Fail state in the state machine.
7. `Get Final Job Status`: Invoke Check Status Lambda
8. `End`

## Build

To build this app, you need to be in this example's root folder. Then run the following:

```bash
$ npm install -g aws-cdk
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

This will install the necessary CDK, then this example's dependencies, and then build your TypeScript files and your CloudFormation template.

## Deploy

Run `cdk deploy`. This will deploy / redeploy your Stack to your AWS Account.

After the deployment you will see the API's URL, which represents the url you can then use.

## Synthesize Cloudformation Template

To see the Cloudformation template generated by the CDK, run `cdk synth`, then check the output file in the "cdk.out" directory.
